Added config flag to disable frame-ancestor for the nomad UI (#18085)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/configuration/ui.mdx

ui {
  enabled =  true

  content_security_policy {
    connect_src     = ["*"]

>     default_src     = ["none"]
>     form_action     = ["none"]
>     frame_ancestors = ["none"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    default_src     = ["'none'"]
    form_action     = ["'none'"]
    frame_ancestors = ["'none'"]
```

- `label` <code>([Label]: nil)</code> - Configures a user-defined
  label to display in the Nomad Web UI header.

> ## `content_security_policy` Parameters
> 
> - `connect_src` `(array<string>: [])` - Specifies the valid sources for
>   `connect-src` in the Content Security Policy header. The default
>   value is `["*"]`.
> - `default_src` `(array<string>: [])` - Specifies the valid sources for
>   `default-src` in the Content Security Policy header. The default
>   value is `["none"]`.
> - `form_action` `(array<string>: [])` - Specifies the valid sources for
>   `form-action` in the Content Security Policy header. The default
>   value is `["none"]`.
> - `frame_ancestors` `(array<string>: [])` - Specifies the valid sources
>   for `frame-ancestors` in the Content Security Policy header. The
>   default value is `["none"]`.
> - `img_src` `(array<string>: [])` - Specifies the valid sources
>   for `img-src` in the Content Security Policy header. The default
>   value is `["'self'","data:"]`.
> - `script_src` `(array<string>: [])` - Specifies the valid sources for
>   `script-src` in the Content Security Policy header. The default
>   value is `["'self'"]`.
> - `style_src` `(array<string>: [])` - Specifies the
>   valid sources for `style-src` in the Content Security Policy
>   header. The default value is `["'self'","'unsafe-inline'"]`.
> 

Reviewer: It'd be nice if we can give a little more context here. The defaults for `none` should read `'none'`. Also, the trailing `[]` in the type description is the default value, so we can tighten the individual field docs up like the following:

```suggestion
## `content_security_policy` Parameters

The `content_security_policy` block configures the HTTP
[Content-Security-Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP)
header sent with the web UI response.

- `connect_src` `(array<string>: ["*"])` - Specifies the valid sources for
  `connect-src` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `default_src` `(array<string>: ["'none'"])` - Specifies the valid sources for
  `default-src` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `form_action` `(array<string>: ["'none'"])` - Specifies the valid sources for
  `form-action` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `frame_ancestors` `(array<string>: ["'none'"])` - Specifies the valid sources
  for `frame-ancestors` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `img_src` `(array<string>: ["'self'", "data:"])` - Specifies the valid sources
  for `img-src` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `script_src` `(array<string>: ["'self'"])` - Specifies the valid sources for
  `script-src` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `style_src` `(array<string>: ["'self'","'unsafe-inline'"])` - Specifies the
  valid sources for `style-src` in the Content Security Policy header.

```
